Rephrase first sentence (#859)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/solid-start/index.mdx

# Overview

> SolidStart is an open source meta-framework that provides the platform to bring together the components that comprise a web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SolidStart is an open source meta-framework designed to unify components that make up a web application.
```
